feat: configuration for meta tag "robots" (#5418)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2024-11-08-add-configuration-for-meta-tag-robots.md

> ---
> title: Add configuration for meta tag "robots"
> issue: NEXT-000000
> author: Vincent Neubauer
> author_email: v.neubauer@vonmaehlen.com
> author_github: @dallyger
> ---
> # Administration
> * Added text field "Robots Meta Tag" to Settings > Basic information
> ___
> # Storefront
> * Render `<meta name="robots" ...>` based on Settings > Basic information > Robots Meta Tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
title: Add configuration for meta tag "robots"
author: Vincent Neubauer
author_email: v.neubauer@vonmaehlen.com
author_github: @dallyger
---

# Administration

* Added new configuration for "Robots Meta Tag" to Settings > Basic information

___

# Storefront

* Changed rendering of robots meta tag to consider new setting.

# Upgrade Information

## New robots meta tag configuration

The new configuration option "Robots Meta Tag" has been added to the administration under Settings > Basic information.
This allows you to set the content of the robots meta tag rendered in the storefront (`<meta name="robots" ...>`).

```

---
title: Add configuration for meta tag "robots"
author: Vincent Neubauer
author_email: v.neubauer@vonmaehlen.com
author_github: @dallyger
---

# Administration

* Added new configuration for "Robots Meta Tag" to Settings > Basic information

___

# Storefront

> * Changed rendering of robots meta tag to consider new setting.
> 
> # Upgrade Information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed rendering of robots meta tag to consider new setting.

___

# Upgrade Information
```
